docs: add guide on reading error.hint in supabase-js (#46556)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/api/handling-errors-in-supabase-js.mdx

---
id: handling-errors-in-supabase-js

> title: 'Handling errors with `supabase-js`'

Reviewer: In the navigation and id we use "in" and then in the title we use "with", let's align them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: 'Handling errors in `supabase-js`'
```

I think "in" makes more sense?

subtitle: 'Read `error.hint` first — Postgres often tells you the exact fix. Log the full error so you actually see it.'
---

Every `supabase-js` call returns a `{ data, error }` pair instead of throwing. When something fails, the single most useful field on `error` is usually **`hint`** — Postgres returns the _fix_, not just a description of the problem. Logging only `error.message` hides it.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every `supabase-js` call returns a `{ data, error }` pair instead of throwing. When something fails, the single most useful field on `error` is usually **hint** — Postgres returns the _fix_, not just a description of the problem. Logging only `error.message` hides it.
```

The ** + ` is odd honestly. if it's not a variable or code, let's not escape the word, it sends the wrong signal to the user.

Reviewer: If it is a property, then let's not use **.

Author: it's a property. I will remove the bold.

> ## `error.hint` tells you the fix

Reviewer: Headers should involve action in first person for troubleshooting like:

```suggestion
## Usage of `message` and `hint` properties
```

Consider a `42501` permission-denied error on a table where default `GRANT`s have been revoked from `anon`:

```
message: "permission denied for table users"
hint:    "Grant the required privileges to the current role with: GRANT SELECT ON public.users TO anon;"
```

> The `message` tells you something went wrong. The `hint` tells you the literal SQL statement to run in the dashboard SQL editor to fix it. Same pattern shows up across many Postgres errors — missing column? `hint` suggests the column name you probably meant. Type mismatch? `hint` shows the expected type. Whenever Postgres knows the fix, it puts it in `hint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `message` exposes the error reason, and `hint` gives you the literal SQL statement to run in the dashboard SQL editor to fix it.

Same pattern shows up across many Postgres errors — missing column? `hint` suggests the column name you probably meant. Type mismatch? `hint` shows the expected type. Whenever Postgres knows the fix, it puts it in `hint`.
```

> This is why the rule of thumb is: **log the full `error` object, not just `error.message`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is why the rule of thumb is: log the full `error` object, not just `error.message`.
```

This is not needed in my opinion. In fact, this looks like it should be a "tip" box.

## The recommended pattern

> ```ts

Reviewer: I would add some text above explaining what the code snippet shows. It will help people and llms.

const { data, error } = await supabase.from('users').select()
if (error) {
  console.error(error)
  return

> }

Reviewer: Are we sure we don't want people to throw in here? 🤔

Author: Intentionally not promoting `throw` here — `supabase-js` is non-throwing by design (`{ data, error }`), and whether to escalate via exceptions is an app-level decision (try/catch boundaries, React error boundaries, etc.) that's orthogonal to reading `error.hint`. Keeping the snippet focused on the lesson of the page: log the whole object, branch on `code`, read `hint`.

```

> The full response body that PostgREST returns for the permission-denied case above:

Reviewer: Since we are being specific about a case let's clarify that:

```suggestion
In the case of a permission-denied error, the response body will look like this:
```

---
id: handling-errors-in-supabase-js
title: 'Handling errors with `supabase-js`'
subtitle: 'Read `error.hint` first — Postgres often tells you the exact fix. Log the full error so you actually see it.'
---

Every `supabase-js` call returns a `{ data, error }` pair instead of throwing. When something fails, the single most useful field on `error` is usually **`hint`** — Postgres returns the _fix_, not just a description of the problem. Logging only `error.message` hides it.

## Usage of `message` and `hint` properties

Consider a `42501` permission-denied error on a table where default `GRANT`s have been revoked from `anon`:

```
message: "permission denied for table users"
hint:    "Grant the required privileges to the current role with: GRANT SELECT ON public.users TO anon;"
```

The `message` exposes the error reason, and `hint` gives you the literal SQL statement to run in the dashboard SQL editor to fix it.

> Same pattern shows up across many Postgres errors — missing column? `hint` suggests the column name you probably meant. Type mismatch? `hint` shows the expected type. Whenever Postgres knows the fix, it puts it in `hint`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same pattern shows up across many Postgres errors — missing column? `hint` suggests the column name you probably meant. Type mismatch? `hint` shows the expected type. Whenever Postgres knows the fix, it puts it in `hint`.
```
